README.md, before:

Welcome to My_Workout - home training timing application.

My_Workout was created as a training project to practice my Python and MySQL skills. Idea came from my love for sport and a need of a tool that helps with trainig in a home enviroment, as I often found myself traveling for work and without an access to a gym. 

It is an interval timer application that lets you track your work and break times during training by displaying stopwatch and playing sound alarms. App allows you to create custom timed exercises that consists of work time and break time for set number of rounds. For example, 12 rounds of boxing 3 mins of work for 1 min of break or 8 rounds for Tabata 20s work for 10s break. Delay before start can be added for each exercise.

Exercises can be grouped in full workouts that automaticlly start queued exercises. For example boxing workout: warmup 10 x 1min -> shadow boxing 3x 3min/1min -> stretching 10 x 45s. Additional breaks can be added between exercises.

It uses mysqlconnector and tkiner for GUI.

Features:
- Multiple users and accounts,
- 
- Exporting/importing workouts and exercises as JSON files,


Main window: 


![main](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/115980948/220869391-ac33950b-5d74-4b6b-bd04-d078e40acd32.png)

Commit message:

Remote sql server connection implemented

README.md, after:

Welcome to My_Workout - home training timing application.

- MySQL database hosted on https://freedb.tech/,
- mysql.connector used for communication with SQL server,
- tkinter used for graphical interface,

My_Workout was created as a training project to practice my Python and MySQL skills. Idea came from my love for sports and a need of a tool that helps with trainig in a home enviroment, as I often found myself traveling for work and without an access to a gym. 

It is an interval timer application that lets you track your work and break times during training by displaying stopwatch and playing sound alarms. App allows you to create custom timed exercises that consists of work time and break time for set number of rounds. For example, 12 rounds of boxing 3 mins of work for 1 min of break or 8 rounds for Tabata 20s work for 10s break. Delay before start can be added for each exercise.

Exercises can be grouped in full workouts that automatically start queued exercises. For example boxing workout: warmup 10 x 1min -> shadow boxing 3x 3min/1min -> stretching 10 x 45s. Additional breaks can be added between exercises.



Features:
- Multiple users and accounts,
- 
- Exporting/importing workouts and exercises as JSON files,


Main window: 


![main](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/115980948/220869391-ac33950b-5d74-4b6b-bd04-d078e40acd32.png)
